Rename 'createThemeVars' to 'createThemeContract' (#52)
seek-oss/vanilla-extract: README.md

> 💡 All theme variants must provide a value for every variable or it’s a type error.

### createThemeContract

Creates a contract for themes to implement.

> **This function must be called within a `.css.ts` context, otherwise variable names will be mismatched between themes.**

Reviewer: Feel like this reads like this function is special and other don't need to be in a `css.ts` file. How about:
```suggestion
**Ensure this function is called within a `.css.ts` context, otherwise variable names will be mismatched between themes.**
```
